Classes
    Cards
        Type -- Wasabi, Maki, Sashimi, Dumplings, etc
        Value -- If they contain a value, 
            like Maki (1-3 amounts per card)
            like Nigiri (1-3 value per card)
            Or we can do individual cards instead of the amount
        
    Hand
        Contain of cards, stacks that are passed
    
    Deck
        Contains all the cards, cards are drawn from here into the Hands
    
    Played
        Contains cards played by the player in that round
        Keeps track of order because 
        
    Player
        A person that takes part in the game
        Can do actions with Hand
        Owner of Played
        *Special Cards
            Chop Sticks -- allows two cards to be played per hand, discarded after use
            Pudding -- Bonus or penality at the end of the game (not end of round), +6 pts for most, -6 for lease.
    
    Score
        Keeps a tally of the score for the round, based on the Score Calculation

Score Calculation
    Calculates score based on all Played hands from the round
        *Tempura Pairs
        *Sashimi Triples
        *Dumpling Stacks
        *Maki -- most of, 2nd most of
        *Wasabi/Nigiri, pairs, 3*Nigiri(value)
        *Nigiri
        

Strats -- the fun part
    Approaches
    ----------
        Greedy --Pick the card with the highest possible outcome, even tho it is not guaranteed
            ie. Pick Sasahimi, because it has the highest possible outcome of 10 (if you have 3),
                    *If you have seen all other hands, you will have an idea if the multiples are possible.
                        ie. There is only 2 Sashimis in all the hands in the round, skip picking Sashimis
                        
        Safe  --Pick the highest value card with guaranteed value
            ie. Pick Nigiri or Dumpling because it is a guaranteed value
            
        Offensive --More advanced strat of denying combos to other players
            ie. If a player is collecting Tempura pairs, pick Tempura to deny them points. Same with Sasahimi.
            
        Attack Player X 
            Use Offensive tactics against Player X
            Help friendly Players by not taking beneficial combo cards from hand.
                *Make sure Player X doesn't also benefit from leaving them in
            Bit tricky to implement.
            
Picking A Card
    Immediate Value
        Points that will be added immediately from the selection, absolute minimum this card will add to the player score
            *Some have a value of 0 -- combos, multiplers, etc
                *Chopstick is a special card which allows for the selection of 2 cards sometime in the future
            *Some will ahve a finite value
    Possible Value
        
        
    